#Project Overview: The objective of this project was to build and program a Clawbot, that would stack and pick up 2 or more 3d printed cubes. The Goal was to make the tallest build, and this project was also coded using Python, which we choose.

#Build Overview/Ports: We built the clawbot onto our main basebot, we built it using the clawbot building instructions that were provided with the assignment, the motors for the wheels were ports 6 and 10. The Claw was in port 3 and the Arm was in port 4. 

#Code Description: # The first three lines of code just explains how the clawbot, from the line, moves forward and raises its hand to pick up the first cube on top. The next five lines of code explains how the bot moves back and turns around, then moves forward and places the cube in the stacking zone. Lines 9,10,11,12 tell the robot to move back, turn around, and move forward to get the next cube, then it puts it up. Lines 13,14,15,16,17 makes the robot reverse 300mm, and turn 180 degrees. It also makes the arm move up and move forward into the unloading zone to stack, then the claw lets go and drops it hopefully ontop of the previous cube. Lines 18,19,20,21,22 allows the robot to reverse, turn around and repeat the previous steps with further distances, to collect the 3rd cube with was right behind the very first one. The last 5 lines were there to make sure the robot drops of the last cube that we wanted to pick up, ontop of the last 2 cubes.

#Reflection/Final thoughts: In general, this project was very nice, it helped me and Scarlett work hard and solve the problems that occurred throughout. Building the robot was easy for me and Scarlett, since we are good builders, and we know how to divide work easily, in a way both of us do work. Coding it on the other hand, was a bit difficult for us since our code got deleted 2 classes before it was due, and we had limited space since lots of people needed to test and fix their codes at the same time. The code works sometimes, but sometimes, it doesn’t, but we are just happy that we at least tried and dealt through the problems. When stacking the blocks, the second block was not stacking aligned, and sometimes it would, and each time we changed the distances, it would be too far or to short, so we decided to keep it as is, and after testing it a few times, it would randomly stack fully, and the rest of the time, it would let it fall beside the previous cube, or flick it randomly, sending it flying, and we don’t know why. But know when testing it, it's actually working most of the time, and hopefully it will keep working like that. 
